---
layout: page
permalink: /archive/iwaldatgpo/
---
# iwaldatgpo
## stolen from [maxell](http://maxell.ml)

<p>Zorin OS had just send a mail to Windows when Xubuntu starts bombing the whole city with viruses... Everyone ended up getting a virus and ended up switching to Linux instead. And they lived happily ever after. The End. But the virus was too powerful, it could infect any system. Zorin took cover in the Ubuntu Software Center. A few minutes later Mac OS X came... And got infected with 18 trojans. Then it went "Crunchbang Linux"! Then 12padams Time Distorter came to life and brought us to 2014. And then the Time Distorter got Midori spilled all over it! So it took us to 1998 with Windows 95 OSR2.5. 12padams started raging and used the Time Distorter software to send the person who spilt the Midori on it to 2002 alone with all the viruses. Phillips1012 then threw 12padams into an Ubuntu. And then Windows XP came to the aid and killed everything and everyone including 12padams/I2padams EXCLUDING Windows 7 which had infinitley more power. But then Windows 7 downgraded to Windows 8 and XP had a fighting chance again. So the "Hidden Hacker" made XP BSoD and brought everyone back to life. But 12padams killed himself and the Hidden Hacker. Then Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows XP revived 12padams. Then XP killed Vista. But it was Longhorn. Then Longhorn turned XP into Whistler. And it was happy. Then Whistler whistled. The whistle changed 98 into Memphis. Then everyone became they'r beta and crashed. But Windows 7 was too powerful and started bombing viruses on every surviving OS. Except for Manjaro and Fedora. They went into hiding, in GNOME Shell and tried to figure out a way to stop Windows 7. Then Windows 7 found Manjaro and Fedora and killed the, and captured Longhorn and Server 2008. Then Windows 8 (Secure Boot Mode) bombed a virus and Windows 7 died. (It had BitDefender 2013 Total Security). Then MS-DOS 7.10 tried to stop Windows 7 as MikeOS starts boasting about surviving with a big bombing of viruses to all DOS-based systems. Then Kali Linux began bombing viruses too and MikeOS was defeated. And Fedora actually survived but it's GNOME Shell got cracked. Kali Linux didn't like that and tried to attack Fedora. But Fedora was more powerful and survived. So many people installed Fedora because they thought they would be more secure. But Bill Gates created Windows 9 and it tried to destroy Fedora. And it failed again. But Zorin OS was still in the Ubuntu Software Center. So MS-DOS 1.0 tried to attck Zorin OS because it wanted to prove that text-based operating systems are very powerful. And Zorin used the internet which MS-DOS 1.0 didn't have, so Zorin defeated MS-DOS 1.0. But MS-DOS upgraded to MS-DOS 6.22 and used secure-internet-DOS 1.10 + Lynx to spam Zorin OS. Zorin OS was defeated without DOS having to use a single picture. Some people got scared of all the viruses that were attacking they'r comuters so they tried to live without the internet. Then MS-DOS 6.22 upgraded to Windows 7. The people became impressed of Windows 7 and started to use the intenet again. Then a fan OS called 7OS and Windows XFIRE attacked every OS except Unix and Windows. The Linux systems wanted to fight back so they attacked 7OS and Windows XFIRE. Then Club OS (A fan OS) attacked all the Linux distros and defeated them. So the Windows OS's came back and started to attack Club OS so they could try to take over the cyberworld. But Club OS joined Windows 7 to attack Windows 8.x and succeeded at destroying Windows 8/8.1. And then Windows XP tried to attack Club OS. And failed again due to the power of Windows 7. Windows 7 was about to win the war... When Blab OS attacked Windows 7. And failed due to Club OS. Windows 7 & Club OS won the war. But then Club OS and Windows 7 got trapped by HAL 9000. The other Windows and Linux versions didn't like that and they finally started to help each other so with the bundled power they Saved Club OS and Windows 7. Then Siri said "Hey, don't talk bad about HAL 9000.". Then Windows 7 killed Siri and HAL 9000. Then the Windows versions (before Windows 7) and Linux versions stopped working together and they started to attack Windows 7. Windows 98 got a virus and it spread to Linux. Linux started a virus scan and deleted the virus. Windows 7 used the "Windows Beats The Crap Out Of Linux" virus against Linux and all the distros were permanantly defeated. Then Indigo (Windows Phone voice assistant) came and said this story would never end. And Windows 7 couldn't kill Indigo because she was made by Microsoft. The endless war continued because Linux/Mac/Windows still wanted to prove who was the best. BSD killed Linux and Solaris died too. Windows 7 killed BSD and Club OS killed Mac. End of story. All the Windows versions were happy that Windows won. But then Amiga OS came... But Windows 8 defeated Amiga, and the whole war started over again. The war lasted for 2 years. Windows claimed victory over Mac and Linux. But then there began a new war. But everyone died and OS's were non-existant. All except Windows. But then a programmer started a new Linux OS. But the developer ran into a bug. The CIH bug for Linux. The developer couldn't fix the bug to he stopped programming the new Linux OS. The developer then made a new OS named 'Quickie' which looks similar to Windows. The people still preferred Windows so the developer of Quickie added some really nice features to it that Windows didn't have. But Quickie 2 was unstable, just like Longhorn. And the project got canceled. But Google shut down Microsoft and developed Quickie 3. People demonstrated because thay still wanted to use Windows but some people did like Quickie anyways and installed Quickie as there main operating system. The city was now completely destroyed, Gmail was broken, the Ubuntu Software Center was gone and Zorin OS was dead. And the Linux Tower was about to collapse. Inside the tower was OpenSUSE, se's going to die any second now... But Windows 7 crawled to his stop and immedietely fixed everything. OpenSUSE jumped down the tower (for some reason) and landed on Windows 7. Both OpenSUSE and Windows 7 died. But Windows XP (a old man) used magic powers to bring Windows 7 back to life and made sure OpenSUSE was dead. Then Linux Mint dropped a bomb over Windows XP and 7. But Club OS dodged it and threw it at Linux Mint. It exploded just after it was in Linux Mint's hands, and Linux Mint died. Then some hackers did take over the whole internet and infected many computers with the autoinstall-windows-8 virus which installed Windows 8 automatically when you started the internet. But Windows 7 edited the virus to install Windows 7 instead. But Tim Cook was mad and Mac modified the virus to download the most advanced operating system. The operating systems stopped using the virus because some people had a too strong virus protection and the operating systems who used it became less popular because people didn't like operating systems that installed viruses on their computer. But then Chrome OS climbed out of the badly destroyed Google building and started shooting Chrome Apps at every surviving OS. Windows 8 used Chrome and Chrome got hit with the missle. Sadly, Chrome crashed. Firefox burnt Chrome to death. Well, Internet Explorer was shot too as it was too slow. So Firefox now ruled over all the browsers! But Internet Explorer 10 and 11 came from Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 and shot Firefox (and Waterfox too!), and then Firefox realized that he shot IE 9 and IE 8. But then Java OS came, and it tried to defeat the other OS's. But Opera 15 got out to AK-47's and killed IE10/11. Google Chrome battled with Opera 15, while a penguin was just sitting in the corner because like only 1% uses it. IE11 from Windows 8.1 build 9385 came with a AK-47 and shot all other browser and brought the other IE browser to life. So the people were forced to use IE. But then Lubuntu, Kubuntu and Mythbuntu came and teamed up. Java OS was defeated. Windows shot Ubuntu-based, and made them non-existant. Windows also shot all of Linux distros and Mac OS's, making them non-existant as well. So the people were stuck with Windows AGAIN. But then, when all hope was lost of using Linux or Mac, MS-DOS 3.0 came and brought all the other OS's to life. But still, the OS's didn't come alive. Windows still survived but Mac and Linux was still dead. All hope of saving them was lost. MS-DOS was shot too. But then, Linus Torvalds wrote a OS on Apple I and everybody switched to it. Because it was wrote on a very old OS, it was very minimalistic. It just had a web browser and a text editor. But everybody got bored and went back to Windows, killing Linus's OS. But then Steve Ballmer and all other Microsoft employees got RSI. Then Linus Torvalds wrote a open-source virus (LOL) that destroyed every Windows OS. The Linux fans downloaded the viruses but some didn't know how to use it and instead installed Windows on their machine. Then the virus destroyed their computer... Windows was gone forever. Everyone was sad... Chrome OS came back to life and destroyed Mac. Now, the only OS's were Linux-based OS's. The people lost complete trust in technology. Until, Windows and Mac came back to life and killed Chrome OS!But Netscape rose from the grave and nuked IE and brought all the other browsers back to life. But then everyone switched to FirstTimerOS because of the never-ending war. But everyone who installed FirstTimerOS realised that the install window would not pop-up. Users were stuck in install so they had to revert back to Windows. So they stuck to Windows until Microsoft stopped developing Windows 8 because of a built-in virus in Windows 9. Then everyone switched to Mac. Since a Mac was too pricey, thay didn't care and switched back to Windows. Linux was non-existant. Windows then locked OS installation, disabling the installation of Linux on Windows PC's. But that didn't stop the people who used a virtual machine. So suddenly Oracle and VMWare got 500 website visits per hour to install another thing than the horrible Windows. Everyone was happy again. But then Microsoft released an update which would delete all virtual machines permanently and blocked installation of them. So the people installed Linux as their main operating system becayse they were angry at Windows. Ao Apple lowered the price of Mac's to $50, and the people tried to use Mac's again. But little did Mac and Linux users know that a bug switched them from Linux to Windows. Mac OS, and Linux Distros had this bug. Deleting the code would mean making the system unstable. But then Linus Torvalds came to the rescue and fixed the bug. Linus fixed the bug, but then Linux and Mac were unstable. After this incident, Linux and Mac would Kernel Panic every few minutes and would piss people off. Everyone switched to Windows again and they all had a bad feeling that they needed to switch OS's forever. Mac and Linux were discontinued and Windows was the only survivor. No use making another OS as it is pointless. The END for now... But a person started a server and deleted the virus from the internet, and started a OS called FinallyUsableOS. It was a very strong and useful OS. At least it was a OS. A text OS. Everyone hated it and threw their copy away. It was then Microsoft who made Windows Next ant everyone bought it. Finally a GUI OS. But then FinallyUsableOS upgraded to a GUI, and the most people were going to use it. But then FUOS added a 'Modern UI'. The people really liked the UI and were thinking of switching to FUOS. So everyone ditched Windows for FUOS. Windows attacked FUOS and failed. Windows crashed. Bye bye Windows! FUOS was the only OS, so everyone used it. But then Microsoft made the most revolutionary GUI ever. Peeople LOVED how easy it was to use the GUI and switched to Windows NextUp, their next OS written from Windows Next base system. But then the best programmer of the world started to program a awesome OS, and named it MicrosoftSuckOS. It was way more better than Windows, and 72% more customizable than Windows. The only downside was that it used the Windows NextUp kernel. Well, Microsoft sued the developer and got the code for MSOS. Windows Reloaded was made, preventing any OS to be built. But FUOS was updated and Microsoft filed for bankrupcy. Sorry, but Microsoft had 95% marked share by the time updates were out. Users avoided FUOS because of the FU in the name. So the name was changed from FUOS to SOS (SimplicityOS). But with the lack of Microsoft to update the Microsoft OS, users realized they needed to switch to their choice and all chose SimplicityOS 3. Soon everyone was using SOS3. Microsoft went bankrupt and stopped developing Windows. Then SOS4 came out but there was something terribly wrong. It turns out it was a minor security bug that quickly got fixed, so the people just continued using SOS4. Then they released SOS5. It was awesome and amazingly fast. But then Xubuntu came back to life and started bombing viruses... The SOS5 update made SOS5 unusable. Microsoft released Windows X. But the Xubuntu bombed a virus on Windows X. Windows X blocked the virus since it was not vulnerable to viruses. Then Windows zapped Xubuntu to extinction. Lubuntu also tried to hack Windows X but it failed again. But then SOS5 SP4 (SPS5.4) came out and 40% of Windows X users switched to it. Then SOS6 which got even more users to switch. Only 20% of computer users used Microsoft OS's. Then with Windows X getting unsupported and prune to viruses nobody used it. Then all other OS's came back to life, but SOS6 and 5.4 killed them. Even Linux. Then Microsoft created a whole new OS: Doors 1.0, but SOS6 killed it. But then Microsoft created Doors Ultimate I. It featured 'Doors Ultimate Protection', which could detect and destroy any virus. It also contained 'Microsoft SafeBrowse' that was invulnerable to any virus, and 'SOS6 Protection', that protected the users from SOS. But SOS7 was released that destroyed the protection by claiming Windows NT 6.1 in the OS checker fooling Doors to think it's installing another Windows. That same update was applied to SOS6 and SOS5. Microsoft created a NEW OS - Fences 1.0, and it still lost. Then Furniture OS, which had 100 antiviruses, which never stopped scanning. It also had 'SOS7 Protector 2'. A hacker created TextOS (a Text-Based OS, duh). Then the developer said "If you don't like it go screw yourself" and "It you preferred a GUI, then why use this OS in the first place.". The people agreed and the people who liked text-based OS's switched to it. The add-ons page had some games on it since there was only one game preinstalled. There were a lot of nice games and the OS gained a lot of popularity. Also a lot of hackers thought it much better than any Windows version. Windows X was so popular by the time SOS6 came out that support for it ended in another 30 years. TextOS was soon the most used OS ever. Even nore than SOS8. TextOS was used more than SOS8 for buisness. Windows X was used more than SOS8 for personal. SOS8 was used more than TOS or WinX for dual-boot options. But the hacker wanted that TextOS would also be used for personal and added a lot of new features to it. It became simple to use and it got a lot of games to play. It got over 20+ games to play for free! But the hacker didn't realise that GUI is the standard for PC's these days. Not text. So he added a option to switch to a GUI, and the OS became even more popular. The OS looked like Windows 1.0, so people eventually got bored and switched to Windows X. Then, Microsoft made an OS that allowed you to have it function as any OS you wanted, Windows Multi, and every time there was a new OS, Microsoft gave you a free update! This OS was only $1 due to OS productivity being limited. Everyone bought Windows Multi but due to a bug you could only run Windows OS's. Then Microsoft released Windows Multi SP1 which increases the productivity for $10. Some people bought it but the most people didn't trust it because of the bug but then microsoft fixed it and the people bought Windows Multi SP1. But it was far too vulnerable to viruses. But The Company Bought The OS (TextOS) From Him And Went Back All Over To It's Roots. And They Didn't Want A Misleading Name. TOS3 was text-only. It became very popular and almost everyone knew the OS. Then, people got bored AGAIN. Switched to Windows Radius, which is more secure, much faster and lightweight while being safe from viruses from it's one and only antivirus built into the OS. A lot of developers stopped developing OS's because nobody bought their OS's again. Then Google created a 'Click Here' virus which switched you to Google Chrome OS. So Google almost ruled the cyberworld until someone found a way to delete the virus. TOS4 Was Released To Delete Any Way Of Forbidding Installation, And Finally Got Advertised Stating That It's Perfect For Buisnesses. And They Made It Free. Many IT Departments Switched To It. TOS4 was really awesome and EVERYBODY liked it. TOS4 was GUI. But looked too much like Windows 3.0. Microsoft sued TOS developer and got half the source code to be put into Windows Advanced Edition. TOS4 lost tons of consumers and in the end, the developer filed for bankruptcy. So Microsoft became the richest again and again... TOS5 Was TUI (Text User Interface) For Real And Had Antivirus To Protect From New Windows Installations. The Web Browser Was Updated With Tables And Image Support And Text Formatting. Also The OS Was Developed With Several Microsoft Emplyees And Windows Advanced Users. The Ads Continued. A Company Was Started With Several Low-End Devices To Compete With Other Products. It was a really cool OS and the people really liked it, and It Was Safe From EVERY Windows Version. So the people felt very safe again. TOS5.1 was released and had a option to switch to a GUI. The GUI was wonderful and everyone loved it. TOS5.2 had another option: 'Switch to Mobile Mode' which lets you use TOS on a mobile device. Of Course The GUI Mode Was TUI With GUI Elements Added: Mouse Support (With Cursor) And A Desktop Background. It became even more popular than Android. Everyone loved TOS and TUI, erasing Microsoft and Linux. But Microsoft wanted revenge. But They Didn't Get It. Microsoft Filed For Bankruptcy. Microsoft failed but then Linux tried to destroy all the OS's that were ruling the market. Linux Distros Shut Down. Bill Gates was later arrested for trying to destroy TOS. Linus Torvalds started a new OS called TOSSucks, which later failed. TOS was more popular than Windows ever was... And TOS was the only OS that kept existing. And SOS. So, TOS and SOS ended all OS wars, forever. Years and years past until something horrible happened. It was that Club OS wanted revenge and failed. But then, a giant virus came and destroyed TOS. It was a nightmare for everyone. SOS Deleted The Virus And Brought Back TOS. Nothing bad ever happened until... The people started a party and Bill Gates came too. But With "No OS Access". The OS's were sad but didn't do anything. So the party was going to be fun until Bill Gates announced that he was going to create a new OS. So everyone started attacking Bill. Bill Died. Everyone was happy. But then Bill came back from the dead. They Killed Him Again. Then Linus Torvalds announced HE was going to create a OS called 'Linus'. Linus Failed. The people were looking forward to a new OS, but it failed. SOS10 And TOS10 Were Announced To Have PowerPC Support. So EVERYONE switched to it. Even Mac users. The next upgrade was even going to get better. Because it supported FAT32, exFAT, ext2 and ext3. And better... Because TOS and SOS 12 had a 'Extra Customizable' option. TOS OfferedLess Customization Due To Being Text-Based. TOS13 And SOS13 Had Some Customization Trimmed Due To Saving RAM. TOS and SOS had a option for extra RAM. And SOS13 even had the option to build programs you wanted with your mind. But This Was Only In The Beta. It Got Replaced With A Traditional Program Builder. Which was even better because you could just make everything you wanted there were no restrictions in code anymore. The program builder got an update. Which added the following new things:

1. Visual Basic support 2. Python support 3. C++ support 4. Bug fixes 5. SOSScript 6. MiniScript

SOSScript could really do anything you wanted and a lot of developers made proud use of it. MiniScript was great for writing small programs. Everyone, even the people that couldn't write a single line of code could make programs now. So SOS gave the program builder a name: 'SOSBuild'. And the people really liked 'SOSBuild' nobody thought programming was boring anymore. So even computer newbies started to program. It was a big adventure. Every other OS was erased from history. But the programs the newbies made weren't always a success. Like the newbie Robert, who made a unsuccessful virus that destroyed his computer. And the newbie David, who made a virus that destroyed his grandmothers computer instead of his rivals. David later created a OS called 'DavidRocksOS'. The people didn't liked it because they thought he shouldn't say such things about himself. It was a failure. And he finally stopped developing. Then Robert wrote a virus that melted his computer. And he never used the internet again. But then... Rob began developing. He created a very stupid OS, and nobody liked it except himself. It had only one program: 'GetAVirusFromHere'. And if you clicked on it it would destroy your computer. But then, 19 miles away, SOS got an update called 'SOS20'. It updated the program builder and also a new program called 'Website Designer'. But Microsoft had this since Office 2000. Microsoft sued SOS developers and got the source code to add to the next Office. Not to forget another $2 billion, which made the developers in debt. But since TOS and SOS got many more users than Microsoft, they quickly got $4 billion. Microsoft then released Windows Platinum, shooting sales to a mere 4 billion, at $20 per license. TOS Gold and TOS Silver got released. TOS cost 2$, and SOS 4$. Both of them + OS Office 2 cost 5$. Windows Platinum got sued for copying SOS, and lost $8 billion. TOS and SOS got a lot of money! Everybody used it and loved it. The people really thought they were good developers because they even donated money to the people who needed it. Every Microsoft employee resigned. Simplicity Inc. donated 5,000,000 dollars to the charity. All Africans now had a good home. The world became a better place and almost everybody became happy. Because of Simplicity Inc., the world was ten times better than when Windows was popular. Microsoft sued SOS and TOS for falsely suing them, which they got their 8 billion back plus, Microsoft bought the company. Simplicity Inc. was now a Microsoft company. Microsoft released Windows SOS/TOS to consumers and they loved it. So the OSes lived happily ever after. However The Department Of Justice Did Not Allow That. All Microsoft employees were put in jail and SOS, TOS and OSfE were owned by Simplicity again. Microsoft tried again and was successful. But Microsoft didn't know that the FBI used OSfE. They put all Microsoft employees in jail, where they were sent back to 2013. They all got hit by one of Xubuntu's viruses. And it turned the employees into computers. The employees were all computers. Microsoft bought Simplicity because of a partnership to terminate OSfE. The US Goverment Did NOT Allow That. They Instead Terminated Microsoft. But Microsoft already bought Simplicity inc. Because everyone hated Microsoft, the FBI slowly lowered the employees into a acid pit while singing Justin Bieber. The acid was a pH level 6.5, though. So the employees were not affected. No use torturing Microsoft employees now as Simplicity released Windows Eco. But little did Microsoft know that the all governments teamed up. They destroyed Microsoft and all of they're OS's. If Microsoft created ONE more OS, the governments would kill all the employees. And Microsoft and Simplicity both released OSes together. Microsoft and Simplicity teamed up to fend their employees from getting killed - successful... All OS companies teamed up with Microsoft and Simplicity. Even Linux! The world was now a better place.</p>
